c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureRoadTrips\AzureRoadTripSite\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureRoadTrips\AzureRoadTripSite\bin\AzureRoadTripSite.dll
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureRoadTrips\AzureRoadTripSite\bin\AzureRoadTripSite.pdb
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureRoadTrips\AzureRoadTripSite\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureRoadTrips\AzureRoadTripSite\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureRoadTrips\AzureRoadTripSite\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureRoadTrips\AzureRoadTripSite\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.StorageClient.dll
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureRoadTrips\AzureRoadTripSite\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureRoadTrips\AzureRoadTripSite\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureRoadTrips\AzureRoadTripSite\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureRoadTrips\AzureRoadTripSite\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureRoadTrips\AzureRoadTripSite\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureRoadTrips\AzureRoadTripSite\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureRoadTrips\AzureRoadTripSite\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureRoadTrips\AzureRoadTripSite\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureRoadTrips\AzureRoadTripSite\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureRoadTrips\AzureRoadTripSite\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.xml
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureRoadTrips\AzureRoadTripSite\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.StorageClient.xml
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureRoadTrips\AzureRoadTripSite\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureRoadTrips\AzureRoadTripSite\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureRoadTrips\AzureRoadTripSite\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureRoadTrips\AzureRoadTripSite\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureRoadTrips\AzureRoadTripSite\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureRoadTrips\AzureRoadTripSite\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureRoadTrips\AzureRoadTripSite\obj\Debug\AzureRoadTripSite.dll
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AzureRoadTrips\AzureRoadTripSite\obj\Debug\AzureRoadTripSite.pdb
